Incubatio Scenes Notes

1: Video: Fractal or Avatar in Sphere
Possible Avatar Preset 402 or Fractal Preset 315

2: Gaiska drawing in the back with horizontal laser
3. Gaiska opens door with laser
4: Gaiska draws the silouette of Arnaud with laser
5: Arnaud turns and enters in the middle (intrance of Arnaud)
6: Gaiska and Arnaud move slowly around table
7: gaiska and Arnaud split and face each other across the table
8: Arnaud lies down on the table
9: Gaiska creates the temple with the vertical laser
TODO: mocap recording of the temple creation
10: Gaiska enters the table, stands on table, and paints Arnoud silouette with vertical laser
11: Gaiska does Spatial Recovery (back left, back right, front right, middle left)

12: Arm1 Scene

Start all arm1 max patches on Mac Daniel, then start arm1 simulation and arm1 forward on Razer 16

Cue from Gaiska: When Gaiska at front right and extends arm, Arm video appears on big screen

12.1. arm1 does Fluidity (right from the beginning)

12.2. arm1 rotates in X from 0.0 to 180.0 with a short pause in the middle: TODO: there will be a cue for this in the music. In the middle of the rotation, arm appears under the table and disappears from large screen

Gaiska continues his tour around the table
When Gaiska touches the table, switch to particle behaviour

12.3 Switch to particles behaviour


When Gaiska is at the center back of the table, the arm disappears.

13: Marcurio Scene

Start: Mercurio Max patch on Mac Daniel

13.1. Cue: Gaiska middle back at the table and bends his head towards the big srceen screaming: Mercurio appears on big screen.

13.2. Gaiska comes to front of table faces screen, holds heands on head: Mercurio with brain appears

After a while, the brain becomes smaller (Pedro)

13.3.
When Gaiska is at the back and lowers his arms, the small brain goes down and disappears (Pedro)

TODO: have a brain version in which more of the original Mercurio is visible
Settings for this: 
skel object smooth: 1.2676
object position Y: 2.4240


15: Gaiska finishes variation and manipulated Arnaud who lies on table, Arnaud Sonification starts


16: Gaiska is painting with light on Arnaud (and maybe also Light Forest) 

Start: swarm painting max patches on Mac Daniel and swarm painting simulation / forward max patch on Razer16

Swarm Painting with Light
Start only swarm simulation
The Light is controlled by Pedro and Pablo
go through same stages as in Embodied Machine: Scanning, Wiggling
But then detach swarm from mocap joint and have it come to center of table

17: Four Arms appear on large screen, the four arms manipulate Arnaud

Cue unclear

Start arms4 max patches on Mac Daniel and arms4 simulation / max patch on Razer 16

Arms4 Preset: 701
Arms should be pointing down

18: Drops of Light

change: drops 

Start: swarms and raymarching max patches on Mac Daniel, then swarm simulation and max forward on Razer 16

Cue: Gaiska makes three motions towards the mouth of Arnaud: with first motion, trops of light appear underneath the table (the rain version of the lights) (maybe )

18.1. Drops of light under the table, sideview of drops falling on plane
TODO: have a more sideways view on the drops of light

18.2. Drops of light transform into elongated shape, still under the table. Cue unclear

18.3. elongated shape appears on large screen. cue: Gaiska stands on the table and taps on his body
TODO: also stays under the table

18.4. elongated shape transforms into vertical golden shape with drops circling, cue unclear
TODO: also stays under the table, and golden shape stays horizontal

impro: joint smoothing, swarm evasion, swarm cohesion, swarm radius

drops of light disappear (cue?)


scene pos: 0.4, 0.5 -1.63
scene rot: 0, -168.32 92.483

20: Gaiska stops moving and then slowly lowers himself to the belly of Arnaud 
Arnaud pushes his belly out four times, first three small pushes, then large push

Afterwards, magnetic water appears below table
water goes through sequence: from small ripples, to larger ripples, to shape bulging out
then the video goes to big screen
the pushed out shape stays for a while
then the wiggling starts
since the wiggling progresses very slowy, start rotation before wiggling reaches end
TODO: make sure there is no jump in the whiggling when rotation starts

21: Gaiska moves snakelike and Arnaud staccato: Snake appears under table 

Video: Switch to Snake Raymarching

maybe big magnetc water becomes green to match the color of snakes (Pedro does this in Touchdesigner)
magnetic water on big screen
snakes under the table

22: Laser swarm

Cue: Gaiska and Arnaud standing on table, face each other

Start: laser swarm max patches on Mac Daniel, and laser swarm simulation and forward on Razer 16, make swarm immediately move out

22.1. swarm enter stage and moves towards center

22.2. swarm sttart to wiggle

22.2. swarm becomes circle. The circle stays until Gaiska and Aurnaud have made a full circle, no change of swarm radius

22.3. swarm becomes two (or one) walls. Wall stays for 10 seconds

22.4. swarm splits, impro and finally splitting in and out (20 seconds in total)

22.5 swarm slows down when Anraud lies on table

22.6. swarm slowly moves to center and creates on vertical line

TODO: make sure that swarm doesn't wrap

24. Heart 

Cue: starts when laser swarm makes vertical line

Start: start raymarching max patch on Mac Daniel

24.1. line under table

24.2. line transforms into bean stalk (still under the table)

24.3. bean stalk moves to large screen

24.4. bean stalk transforms into heart

25.5. heart stays for a long duration, unclear cue when to start transformation into fractal

25.6. heart fuses with fractal

25.7. heart disappears and only fractal remains

25.8. fractal becomes full mandelbulb and zooms in

25.9. mandelbulb rotates to source where fractal grows from


TODO: fix broken fractal start, when fractal is already full mandelbrot instead of reduced mandelbrot

